doc: Documentation review for Readme and AWS docs (#229)
bifravst/bifravst: docs/aws/ContinuousDeployment.rst

.. _continuous_dep:

Continuous deployment
#####################

> You can enable continuous synchronization of your deployment with the source repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable continuous deployment of the changes in your source repository to an AWS account.
```
